Hello, I want to show you today
how to tie can not quite
quality hooks
sometimes you buy hooks
cheap they have here thats where the ear
hook
she's not very well done and this one
then strike romka cuts glitter on knot
from unlike this hook where is this
hook he is normal ie edge
here is tightly pressed to the forearm of the hook and
she doesn't cut the line on the knot and so
of course we do it easier and better of course
buy
hook hooks other higher quality
but also in this case when hooks you
substandard can get out of the situation
everything is very easy to do
knit knot usual how and bind
hook 3 turns is enough
delays and excess fishing line is cut off
right under the root
this nodule will appear to be
buffer such a gasket between the main
our knot and eyelets hook that cuts
fishing line and then fit the usual
the main node with the main line
we tighten the node we wet for reliability
as I said this one this one
nodule
is such a kind of gasket
between the ears and our main node
thereby
the primary node will never wipe this
sharp tip of the ear but I hope in such
a short lesson was something useful to you
goodbye